Add agentic workflows context files (#3387)
tektoncd/operator: .claude/skills/commit-message/references/commit-types.md

# Commit Types Reference

> Complete reference for conventional commit types used in the Pipelines-as-Code project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Complete reference for conventional commit types used in the Tekton Operator project.
```

Author: Yes indeed, this skill is copy paste from pac, i wanted to have an uniformed shared skill for commit and release note, and +1 to have a shared thing

## Standard Types

### feat - New Features

Use for new features or functionality added to the codebase.

**Examples**:

- `feat(webhook): add GitHub App support`
- `feat(SRVKP-123): implement GitLab integration`
- `feat(controller): add pipeline caching mechanism`
- `feat(api): expose webhook configuration endpoint`

**When to use**:

- Adding new capabilities
- Introducing new components
- Implementing new APIs or endpoints
- Adding new configuration options

### fix - Bug Fixes

Use for bug fixes that resolve incorrect behavior.

**Examples**:

- `fix(controller): resolve pipeline race condition`

> - `fix(SRVKP-456): correct webhook payload parsing`

Reviewer 2: As discussed further down, if agreed, we should avoid SRVKP references. It could be nice if we can include GitHub specific format and point to GitHub issues, so they are automatically closed when the PR is merged.
